# FitBit-User-Analysis
Analyze trends of smart devices among thirty Fitbit Fitness users to provide valuable insights to Bellabeat's marketing team.

## **Dataset Overview**

These datasets were generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 03.12.2016-05.12.2016. Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring. Individual reports can be parsed by export session ID (column A) or timestamp (column B). Variation between output represents the use of different types of Fitbit trackers and individual tracking behaviours/preferences. There was no metadata provided. **Limitations such as the size of data sample and the fact that not knowing key information such as participants' demographic characteristics, lifestyle, time location, weather indicators, activity tracker usage , unfortunately, would limit the scope of analysis that can be performed.**

- Data Source: [Kaggle FitBit Fitness Tracker Data](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/online+retail#)

## **Problem Statement**

**Background:** This is a case study for Bellabeat: a high-tech company founded in 2013, focusing on designing health smart products for women. The company is currently in a rapid growth phase and has three major product lines: Leaf, Time, and Spring. These smart products can track and collect user activity data and connect with the Bellabeat app, allowing users to gain deeper insights into their health status, habits, sleep quality, and more. Additionally, Bellabeat offers a subscription-based membership system that provides personalized health guidance based on users' lifestyles and goals.

Now, Bellabeat wants to know:

1. The current trends in user health and product usage among competitors.
2. How these trends can be applied to optimize Bellabeat's product design and marketing strategy?

And report to the stakeholders, including the Bellabeat cofounder and marketing team.

## **Analysis Process**

1. Data Assessing
2. Preprocessing
3. Analyzing
4. Summary Insights
5. Forming Possible Marketing & Product Strategies
